---
title: You Should Know
author: Jesús Sánchez
type: post
date: -001-11-30T00:00:00+00:00
draft: true
url: /?p=541
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
1. Drama is never worth putting up with. If someone over age 18 can&#8217;t be a
  
reasonable adult on a consistent basis, avoid that person.

2. If you can make a reasonable living doing what you love, DO WHAT YOU
  
LOVE.. You may not get rich, but you&#8217;ll get to do what you love. Don&#8217;t
  
quit your day job until doing what you love pays the bills, but don&#8217;t incur
  
big debt getting a law degree or an MBA if you really want to be an artist.

3. It&#8217;s amazing how easy life is when you&#8217;re honest with yourself and others.
  
This doesn&#8217;t mean you should be rude and inconsiderate, but it&#8217;s better to
  
be upfront when you have to rather than concealing things and letting
  
them grow.

4. Set up a safety fund. Yes, I know the savings account interest rates
  
suck right now, but having 3-6 months of expenses in readily accessible
  
cash can save you a lot of hassle. It also allows you to loan money to
  
friends when needed (do this judiciously).

5. Start lifting weights yesterday.

6. Don&#8217;t get fat.

* Stand up for yourself. People will do anything for their own personal gain
  
at others‘ expense: Cut in line, take money/property, bully/belittle, guilt-
  
trip&#8230; Do not accept this. These people know they&#8217;re doing the wrong
  
thing and back down surprisingly quickly when confronted. In a public
  
setting people tend to keep quiet until one person speaks up.
  
* Staying in shape is dirt simple. Body fat is dictated by what you eat and
  
your activity. Working out affects 2 things mainly: fat and muscle.
  
Aerobic exercise burns fat and builds a little muscle. Resistance training
  
builds muscle and burns a little fat. If you&#8217;re fat you&#8217;re eating too much
  
and/or not doing aerobic exercise. Period.
  
* There is no greater difference-maker in income than a college degree. I
  
agree that it&#8217;s BS, but it&#8217;s true. It&#8217;s never too late to start. Just
  
attending school looks good on interviews. And many companies offer
  
tuition assistance so it doesn&#8217;t have to be that expensive.
  
* The biggest disappointments in life are the result of misplaced
  
expectation. Tempering unrealistic expectations of how great something
  
will be can greatly reduce frustration.
  
* Understand that at 22 you are at your most energetic and most creative,
  
but your labor is valued very little. All the more reason to 1) stand up for
  
yourself and look for the highest bidder and 2) get that degree.
  
* Try to picture us old fucks as the teenagers we used to be. Talk to that
  
person.

stay limber. do lots of stretching every day. eat more vegetables. stay away
  
from meth.

LIVE. Experience as many things as you can. Go places. Do things. Do not fall
  
into routine. Do not become comfortable with TV and gadgets. Follow your
  
dreams, and be smart to ensure your success. Take chances. Carpe diem. No one
  
ever achieved anything great through laziness. Don&#8217;t let fear stop you from
  
enjoying life.
  
Love is a choice&#8230; it&#8217;s not magical. You are not destined. There is no such thing
  
as &#8220;the one.&#8221; Spend enough time with an attractive person, and biology kicks in.
  
So use your head, and ﬁnd someone you really enjoy spending time with. Cause
  
you&#8217;re going to have to do almost everything with this person. The person who
  
makes you feel most relaxed, most like youself, and accepts you as you are. The
  
person you don&#8217;t have to impress. This is your best chance for happiness.
  
If she&#8217;s got sexual hangups, and you like sex, ﬁnd someone else immediately. Only
  
a therapist can cure her.

Your credit score is really important. Don&#8217;t screw it up.
  
Everything in moderation. Don&#8217;t be a slave to any substance, especially food.
  
Don&#8217;t smoke cigarettes. If you do, join a program and quit immediately. It&#8217;s a
  
total waste. If you want to smoke pot, don&#8217;t do it every day. (Harder than you
  
might think.)
  
Don&#8217;t get fat.
  
Don&#8217;t ignore the obvious. Think with you head, not your heart. Take
  
responsibility. The future is coming, whether you want it to or not.
  
The world is full of bad people who will hurt and control you. Stand up for
  
youself. Do not pity them. Beware charity cases.
  
Avoid negativity and negative people.
  
Always do what&#8217;s right.
  
Don&#8217;t buy things.. buy EXPERIENCES.
  
That.. is a profound statement. I lived the experience thing at 40 I am doing
  
pretty good for myself. I am uber happy as well incidentally.

1) The girl you love in your twenties (early twenties, at least) probably won&#8217;t be
  
the girl you love in your thirties. Much in the same way that women undergo
  
some sort of change between the ages of 18 and 22, guys will change- probably
  
a little later than girls. Out of all my friends, I think they&#8217;re all divorced at least
  
once by now.
  
2) If I could go back, I&#8217;d say that pretty much every white-collar job that paid
  
well in 1990 won&#8217;t be a good job prospect in 2010. The US is drifting towards a
  
service-based economy, and that&#8217;s that.
  
3) Save money, and start saving early. Not that it&#8217;ll help any, of course; the
  
stock market is rigged against the individual investor; saving money with a bank
  
will ensure you&#8217;ll get sharped there, too. In fact, you&#8217;ll get ripped off no matter
  
what you try to do, and the dollar is probably going to crash long before you&#8217;re
  
ready to retire anyway, so either make some highly educated investments in
  
collectibles, or just try to limp by, staying out of debt and packing away what
  
you can in your 401(k) and in the stock market. Not that either will be worth
  
anything in 20-40 years, but who knows.
  
4) Read more. And not just blogs.
  
5) Little things that you want but don&#8217;t necessarily need cost money, and they
  
add up. This is why nobody in my age bracket seems to have money anymore:
  
that $30/month cell phone (or whatever it costs- I don&#8217;t own one), that cable
  
TV, that 42&#8243; plasma TV, a new car every few years, etc. But, hell. See rule #3:
  
that money you save this way may not be worth anything by the time the dollar
  
crashes anyway.
  
6) Don&#8217;t stick your dick in crazy. Unless you want to. Might be fun for a while,
  
but- shit, man. It&#8217;s crazy.
  
7) Help your fellow man- the whole &#8220;Today you, tomorrow me&#8221; thing. Know how
  
to change a tire, jump a car, safely bust a car window when a kid is stuck inside,
  
render ﬁrst aid, etc. I spent several years as a volunteer ﬁreﬁghter/EMT, and
  
when I started, I didn&#8217;t know shit about what to do in an emergency. I even have
  
my extra class ham radio license, if communications go to complete and total
  
shit. That way, I can ask what the weather is like in Santa Monica when Phoenix
  
has been wiped off the map by the world&#8217;s ﬁrst inland tsunami. Not sure how ham
  
radio will help, but all my neighbors will think it&#8217;s cool- the ones not dead and
  
stuff, anyway.
  
8) Those guys you went to high school with? They&#8217;ll all be fat and balding. Little
  
tip: it&#8217;s the sugar and carbohydrates that make you fat, the soda, the pizza
  
crust, the cake and cookies and candy that everyone else at the ofﬁce brings in
  
as treats. If you skip those, you might dodge a bullet- and an expanding
  
waistline. Drink ice water.
  
9) Dream.
  
10) Learn to ignore some people. Arguments on the Internet are like the
  
proverbial winning at the Special Olympics.
  
11) Put things in context. 65 million years ago, the dinosaurs died out. We&#8217;re still
  
arguing over how T. rex walked (or ran), much less whether they had a blog. Do
  
things that matter, because time runs out.
  
12) Be polite, be courteous, and at least dream that civilization can be civil’. A
  
society is the sum of its parts.